rootless: enable IPv6 in RootlessKit network namespace (#5055)
containerd/nerdctl: docs/rootless.md

  the host loopback IP address (127.0.0.1) and abstract sockets are exposed to Dockerfile's "RUN" instructions during `nerdctl build` (not `nerdctl run`).
  The drawback is fixed in BuildKit v0.13. Upgrading from a prior version of BuildKit needs removing the old systemd unit:
  `containerd-rootless-setuptool.sh uninstall-buildkit && rm -f ~/.config/buildkit/buildkitd.toml`
* `CONTAINERD_ROOTLESS_ROOTLESSKIT_IPV6=(true|false)`: whether to enable IPv6 inside the RootlessKit network namespace.
  Defaults to "false". After enabling this, create IPv6-capable CNI networks with
  `nerdctl network create --ipv6 --subnet <v6-subnet>` as usual. Published ports over IPv6 are

>   supported with `--port-driver=builtin` (the default). `--port-driver=slirp4netns` does not yet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  supported with `--port-driver=builtin` (the default). Other port drivers do not yet
```

>   supported with `--port-driver=builtin` (the default). `--port-driver=slirp4netns` does not yet

Reviewer: Does it work with pasta too? (`--net=pasta --port-driver=implicit`)

Author: I tested this with pasta and --port-driver=implicit, but it currently fails during port exposure with no PortDriver is available. It looks like nerdctl's rootless-port hook expects the PortDriver API to be active when -p is passed, which isn't the case under implicit.

I've updated the docs in 5e18ed0 to explicitly note that pasta isn't supported for IPv6 port forwarding yet.
